## Genetic architecture

The genetic architecture refers to the parameters controlling aspects of the genome and of the genotype-phenotype map. Because these parameters take one value per genetic unit (e.g. chromosome or locus) they may take many values, and so the program offers the possibility to sample them from some distributions whose hyperparameters are supplied in the parameter file. After being generated, the genetic architecture is saved in an architecture file called `architecture.txt`, in the working directory (if `savearch` is `1`). The program can also read a custom genetic architecture file, which must be in the same format as the file normally saved by the simulation. To do that, the name of the custom architecture file must also be `architecture.txt` and `loadarch` must be `1`.

In the program, the genetic architecture consists of two elements:
* `chromends`: the vector of genomic locations of each chromosome end.
* `locations`: the vector of genomic locations of each locus.

Hence, the hyperparameters used to generated those are `nchrom` and `nloci`. Genomic locations are continuous and between zero and one. If the architecture is supplied in a file, both chromosome ends and locus locations must be provided in increasing order, and the last chromosome end must always be one. (This matters for the recombinational process.)

The file `architecture.txt` may look like:

```
3 0.33 0.67 1
9 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 0.7 0.8 0.9 
```

where the first row contains the values for `chromends` and the second row for `locations`. Each row must start with the number of values to read for each vector (here, 3 chromosome ends and 9 locus locations, meaning there are 3 chromosomes and 9 loci).

After a custom architecture is read, its hyperparameters `nchrom` and `nloci` are updated within the program and in the list of parameters saved (if `savepars` is `1`).

Note that supplied genetic architectures need not be generated by hand but could be architectures generated in previous simulations.